Change env/service variables --> variables (#1987)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/getting-started.md

- Head to [balenaHub][balenahub], for more ready-to-deploy applications, or have a go at building and sharing your own cool projects using [balenaBlocks][balenablocks].
- Try out [local mode][local-mode], which allows you to build and sync code to your device locally for rapid development.
- Develop an application with [multiple containers][multicontainer] to provide a more modular approach to application management.

> - Manage your device fleet with the use of [configuration][configuration] and [environment variables][variables].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manage your device fleet with the use of [configuration][configuration].
- Pass named values, parameters and data to your application using [variables][variables].
```
